MAIN GOAL NODES
Task outlines, reusable checklists/to do step-by-steps. Re-citable print-outs and notes.
Goal timelines for long-term use.

Finances - savings, bills/filing, logs, spending/monthly/plan. shopping/impulse

Self upkeep - cleaning, shower/teeth/wash, yoga/excercise, meditation, cooking/health, laundry, doctor, dentist, etc.
mini tasks - sweep/floor, sort clothes, throw away trash, wipe surfaces, store/sort/display knicknacks

Hobbies - TV, books, games, dolls, crafts, gardening, candles

Portfolio/Self-improvement
VIDEO GAME PORTFOLIO
Python learning
3D - blender, rhino. 3D maya, rhino
traditional drawing, character art. anatomy, clothing/fashion, relationship poses, expressions
pixel art - animation & color focus
pygame VN, unity 3D, stencyl/game maker/etc. simple, RPG maker RPG

MAJOR GOALS

Python coding
illustration skills

Moving out, finding a job.

TOP GAME IDEAS
alien shooter - pixel or vector
something like platformer, maze, puzzle, physics-based.
mad-libs-like korean learning practice. practice typing in replies to dialogue, fake AI conversations?
korean dress-up
simulation - pet, plant. rat, dog, etc. educational as well?
VN - fairy raising like princess maker? mute player, sim-like replies?
shopping - buy, craft, sell. atelier but 2D/isometric. Forage, then make. Daily spawning like AC.


3D art - wait for 2.8 blender final. try some rhino 3D maybe.



NOTES TO TAKE FOR PYTHON CH9
copy examples reference sheets

CAP-OFF REVIEW
review flashcards, spreadsheet, cheat sheet, reference, book glossary.
sololearn + notes

SELF PRACTIC MINI PROJECTS
two-way dictionary
baby game - shops or friendships or raise pet or mystery or choose adventure path. or sim app! cleaning steps app! cbt guide app!

EXTENDED STUDY MATERIAL
AI, github, codeacademy+notes, youtube pythonmetra

BOOK PROJECTS
read 3 chapters thoroughly
CYCLE:
copy exactly.
tinker: improve, modify
recreate: personal example project
imagineer: make your own complete original idea and project. SMALL.



traditional - anatomy/figure, character design, clothing, poses, expressions, animation/actions
pixel art - a game in pixel art.
3D - blender, rhino. basic skills. rigging, useful for game. portfolio pieces. characters, objects, environment. cel-shaded, cute.
digital - illustrator vector graphics game art. painting, color.

coding - python


COPING MECHANISMS
for learning - 
it reassures my anxiety of the unknown to review the material I will learn before I learn it. a long-view overview, and then a reminder quick skim immediate-next-subject overview, both help me to gain a grasp of the material and focus me in.
'easing' myself in with as gentle and straightforward a slope is important. No next step can be too much of a 'leap'. From reading to copying to experimenting with the copy, before independent practice while referring to the original notes, and finally truly original creation.
having a clear path from A to Z, rather than being too 'scattered' or bouncing from subject to subject, is important, in PARTICULAR to start on a new subject and gain a ROCK SOLID foundation in the subject, before I feel confident with branching out and testing various specialize and advanced subjects out.
tracking my progress with various clear end-goals, both large milestones and small immediate-task breakdowns, help motivate me. Physical visual rewards may work better than visual, such as a sticker chart, something on a board or poster, etc. think like an elementary school classroom poster trackboard.
don't allow for 'fail states', don't focus on them. such as, trying to force myself to do a minimum x every day. instead, focus only on potential achievements to reach. think of the journey as a primarily upward-trajectory progress.
make sure goals are clear, tangible, solid in your mind. try to think of the main capability goal, and underlining that, envision one or a few tangible small 'projects' or 'dream goal outputs' to create after the big learning goal is complete.
take a lot of notes throughout the process, highlight and mark your learning materials, and reiterate until it's like breathing, you could describe it if you had to teach a class. this will dispell those feelings of 'haziness' and 'messiness', like you don't feel sure of your knowledge and it feels like it will evaporate from the uncertainty.
create notes in various forms. First, marking the source material when necessary. Then, flashcards. Spreadsheets. Cheat-sheet notes to print in a binder. Simplified but fully written notes to refer to if you need a strong refresher after a long time, but without 'relearning the whole thing from scratch'. Aim for the materials being understandable and useful, 'shake-the-dust-off' tools in event of memory-loss-emergency. Compile and organize them for future use, with backups.
perhaps you can try a fake-teaching lesson at the end to see how well you can explain and understand the material independently.
Share your successes in some form to give yourself the social reward. Discord groups, family, instagram, remember that it's okay to simply post it for yourself to help remind yourself you're making progress and motivate the next step.
Looking a bit ahead with that 'skim review' to the next section right after finishing the last section can help you immediately feel like you're 'surging ahead', like, you finally got through that arduous last leg of that last section, and you're rewarded with a key to unlock the next level.
The skim review is very fast and easy and makes you feel accomplished and reassured just looking to see what you'll learn next and have it newly visualized in your mind. Taking that step propels you forward too so that you don't reach a stopping point and feel like 'oh, I can stop here, it's a good spot'.
Though I prefer to thoroughly cover every aspect of a chapter before moving on so I feel like I truly grasped it, sometimes it becomes a bit much and starts to feel tedious, since I incorporate SO MUCH reiteration. But, since it is reiteration, and after the first few times it's fresh and solid in my mind, in this case it is okay to take a note of the next reiteration steps I have left to do, then leave them to complete later, after I've covered a bit more of the future material. Then, I can go back and knock out all the last reiteration steps for the last few sections in a group, and that will feel good, less 'bulked up' on one single topic, and letting myself 'forget' a little the stuff I learned earlier with some time buffer will only help me to practice and test my memory again properly, by going back later.

what to do if I need to take a long break, or I inadvertently take a long break without meaning to, thus feeling like I lost my place when I want to come back?
If I have a clear progress sheet and materials from the time I had been working on that subject when I quit, then it shouldn't be hard to find my last place there and pick it back up, perhaps with a small review of the very last material.
When reviewing a subject that I have 'dropped-and-half-forgotten', don't try to 'relearn from the beginning' again if at all possible. Instead, try to 1. work backwards, from most recent learning review back to older more basic review, until you hit an area that you feel 'okay, I know this'. Because, you most likely know the beginning parts much better than the ending parts already, and have mastered it.
Try to do some independent recall style review by writing out what you had learned before, what tasks you had done, and then trying to recreate them on your own from memory. From there, refer back to the original learning material only whenever stuck, and it's okay if it's stuck in many places. It will still help to learn it better the second time than rote copying, and will fast-track the process, sort of like jumping to the second-half part of my own learning-steps-process from the get-go.

when STARTING  new habit/system/chart/whatever, you can start with a complex, very very detailed set of rules and steps and micromanaging. But, ALSO in this step, include 2 new tiers of those same systems simplified to their base parts. Include one super-simple clean and friendly one.
Often when starting, you need that micro-managing style to remember what to do and stay on track. However, as you do it a few times and get used to it, those 'training wheels' are less important, and instead become white noise that distract you and make a task feel more 'heavy' and tedious. and hard to keep track of.
So, as you incorporate something into yourself, you can easily 'tier down' to simpler options so something tangible and step-by-step is still there to lead and remind you, and keep you clear and focused.
Keep a copy of the more detailed version(s) somewhere close by as a copy too just in case, so that if the smaller details start to get fuzzy, it's quick and easy to have a refresher on hand.
Make sure you make all three copies at the beginning all TOGETHER, because you will become lazy and lose momentum if you wait until the long list gets tedious!


DEEP CLEAN PHASE 3 - take out trash, store storage, swap winter clothes, set bed lining, sort paperwork in binders, nail wall hanger, 

BINS/SORTING AREAS 
clothing - lolita closet, drawers, dirty bin, homewear/to-sort
jewelry, hairpieces, accessories, hats
paper - sorting bin, binders - life (health, finances), art/personal, business cards, memories/scrap-binder, recipes, how-tos (finances, cleaning, tips, crafting, candles, yoga, meditation, stretching, etc..)
dolls - dollhouses
trash - recycled, garbage
knick-knacks - knick-knack storage bin
art supplies, projects



make cleaning schedule check-sheet
binder - recipes, crafting how-tos (candles), python/coding, cheat sheets (blender, rhino)
    vipkid, taxes, finances, health, voting...
    
    
RECIPES
korean food, maangchi
baked goods
basic tips
